data type: Primitive & non Primitive

Primitive: numeric & void & non numeric

numeric: Exact & approx
exact : int bool

approx: single(float) & double(double)

non numeric: char& wide char& void

non- Primitive: derived and user define data type(UDA)

derived: Array & F(n) & pointer & reference(c++)


UDA: typedef & union & enum & struct & class

deep copy vs shallow copy: 




Methods: function in the class is callled methods:
ways to declare methods in C++: inside class and outside the class
:    methods define and declared in the class I(inside class methdos)
:   methods declared in the class I(inside class methdos) but define outside class using scope resolution operator.


constructor : special member in c++ which is automatically involed or called when the object of the class is created
key points: 
    1. constructor name == class name: constructor have same name in c++
    2. automatically invoked when at the time of object creation.
    3.  for the every time memory is allocated when object creation
    4. they dont have 
    with respect parametrized structure we can pass the aruments at the time of object creation with the help paratheses ()

    note should always public.


    types of constructor:
    majorly 3 types:
    1 default: automatically invoked or impecity passed with the language processor when do not create any constructor
    2 parametrized: a constructor doest have any parameters
    3 copy constructor: a spcial constructor in c++ who creates a copy of an existing object.
        types of copy constructor:
        1. default copy constructor: 
        2. custom copy constructor: we can create with the help of programmmer
        3. 
shallow copy and deep copy:


encapsulation: rapping of data as member function and in single unit is knows as encapsulation




if the pointer from stack is delete:
   1. no access to the memory.
   2. no access to the data.
   3. memory cannot be used.
   4. 4 byte of space is lost (memory leaks).

to avoide this:
    free(p)


    constant pointer : const float *const helloptr=&hello; only if hello is defined


function:
 types:
        libary and udf and special fn

ehat is recurrsion

Malloc(): malloc stands for memeory allocation, it allocate memory dynamically.
    - use stdlib.h libary
 - it allocate memory in bytes.
 - we have to pass number of bytes we need to allocate dynamically.
 - it return NULL ub case of fail to allocate memroy.
 - it allocate contiguous number of blocks.
 - it return void pointer, so need to type cast it.


        points: constructor did bit have any return type
        we cab not call conbstructor function, it was invoke when object of a class is created
        conbstructor can be overload.

        constructor are the function define inside class and function name must be same as class name.

    types of conbstructor:
    1. default conbstructor: constuctor which do not have any parameters called default
    2. parametrized constructor: having parameter is called 
    3. copy conbstructor: that initialized an object using another object of the same class.


    note: for every constructor call, there must have constructor defination. otherwise it shows error
 if we not define comiler define it self

Distructor: it is used to destroy the objext.
    - in other word it deallocate memory allocated by constructor.
       
this keyword:
    this is the constant pointer which contain address of current object

Static data member:
    it define using static keyword
    - When static is used with data member in a class, it make the variable shared among all instance of the class
    static int stv;
    then btech::stv=2;\ 

static member function: